Release pipeline for multiarch binaries and an image (#159)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template: README.md

👉 Learn more about parachains [here](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-parachains), and
parathreads [here](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-parathreads).

🧙 Learn about how to use this template and run your own parachain testnet for it in the
[Devhub Cumulus Tutorial](https://docs.substrate.io/tutorials/v3/cumulus/start-relay/).

## CI

### Binary

Check the [CI release workflow](./.github/workflows/release.yml) to see how the binary is built on CI.

> Remove or add the compilation targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the compilation targets depending on your needs.
```

Allow GitHub actions in your forked repository to build the binary for you.

> Push a tag. I.e. `v0.1.1`. The supported tag format is `v?MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH(-PRERELEASE)?(+BUILD_METADATA)?`. (leading "v", pre-release version, and build metadata are optional.) The optional prefix is also supported. This is based on [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push a tag. For example, `v0.1.1`. Based on [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/), the supported tag format is `v?MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH(-PRERELEASE)?(+BUILD_METADATA)?` (the leading "v", pre-release version, and build metadata are optional and the optional prefix is also supported).
```

After the pipeline is finished, you can download the binary from the releases page.

### Container

Check the [CI release workflow](./.github/workflows/release.yml) to see how the Docker image is built on CI.

> Add your `DOCKERHUB_USERNAME` and `DOCKERHUB_TOKEN` secrets to your forked repository or organization settings.
> Change the `DOCKER_REPO` variable in the workflow to `[your DockerHub registry name]/[image name]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your `DOCKERHUB_USERNAME` and `DOCKERHUB_TOKEN` secrets or other organization settings to your forked repository.
Change the `DOCKER_REPO` variable in the workflow to `[your DockerHub registry name]/[image name]`.
```
